welcome back to my kitchen today I'm
going to share with you my recent
experience with the terrace kitchen meal
kit delivery service before we get
started let me just tell you that I paid
for this food and I am NOT an affiliate
of Tara's kitchen I've tried several
other meal kit services hello fresh
green chef purple carrot more on the
spoon I'll link the review to that below
and the issue that I've had with all of
them is that the amount of prep work
they expect you to do I am very used to
doing a lot of freezer cooking and
plenty ahead and really doing fairly
quick simple meals for weeknight dinners
and all those just rash my kitchen so I
thought about setting this video up in
the pros and cons kind of way but if I'm
honest I really only see one con it's
expensive it's even expensive compared
to other meal kit services I will say
it's not exactly the same
so what arrives is food that's just
about ready for you to toss it in the
pan and get going Mike do a minute of
chopping you will not trash your kitchen
in the process it took me 25 to 30
minutes to get each of these meals on
the table but what I appreciated is that
my kitchen wasn't even as trashed as it
is when I cook on a normal night another
big difference that I noticed between
Tara's kitchen and all the other meal
prep services is the container pretty
cool let me show you so the container
arrives you take your food out leave all
the ice packs in it close it back up off
your shipping label put the whole box on
your front door and FedEx will take it
back to them tomorrow after you've
cooked all the food all you're really
left with is this mob stack of
recyclable containers I would love to
see them take it one step further if
you're using them week after week maybe
send them back your containers for reuse
the following week just a thought but
overall this is just so much less waste
then the other meal kit services I've
tried so I ordered vegetarian meals they
offer options for several different
special diets they're not limited to
vegetarian at most of the meal kit
service
I've tried the calorie count on the
dishes is super super high and I
appreciate that this one is much better
the dishes I ordered were a curried
chickpea and spinach bowl which was
under 500 calories and serving and there
was a sofrito burrito bowl which the
calorie count was a little higher but I
ended up with a lot of leftovers because
you put a brick of tofu in when you're
cooking it for two people and it's
pretty tough to eat half a brick of tofu
in one sitting
so the calorie count on our meal was
probably more in line with I would say
the under 500 calorie range
I didn't weigh anything and it made
great leftovers the next morning
scrambled up some eggs out of the
leftovers had a red pepper and though I
needed to use up so I put it in there
which was a nice way to freshen up the
dish and then put it on a burrito that
was a nice little breakfast throughout
the nutritional profile is really good i
had tried them a year ago they're
vegetarian options at that time did not
have enough protein for my dishes and I
ordered or current chickpea and spinach
bowl so Fritos burrito bowl and I
ordered the salad berries to head before
and it's really tasty it's like seven
dollars for two servings not really
cost-effective but really a good sell
and I think I needed to meet a minimum
to place the order so I just added a
side of edamame which I put on the salad
the meals are quite nutritious they are
also very tasty we've not had anything
that we didn't want to be eating the
recipes come on like a regular eating
half by 11 sheet of cardstock which has
three holes punched into it
I used this crazy little Martha Stewart
this bound notebook so I used my little
punch to put them in there the current
chickpea Bowl it's really not dissimilar
to the spinach dal recipe that I'm made
myself and showed you I'll link it below
pretty simple tasty smell good when I
was cooking I would definitely make
either of these dishes again I asked my
daughter after we'd eaten the brutal
Bowl if she wanted me to save the recipe
she was like yes
[Music]
so it's tough to do an apples-to-apples
comparison unlike what it would be if I
watching the grocery store and bought
this food because what I would be
getting would not be quite as far along
I'd be getting too much food I would
have more trash in my kitchen it would
take me more time to prep more time to
clean up the thing that I found that the
other kind of meal kit services is that
I think about trying them on weeks when
I'm really overloaded but those are also
the weeks when it's kind of tough to
like I had an extra hour in the kitchen
on a school night there have literally
been times when I'm ordered and not
guide to all the meals did I order just
didn't make that's not likely to happen
with the terrace kitchen because it's so
easy to throw it all together and it
does taste really good and its really
good nutrition it's really expensive I
understand what you're getting it
wouldn't be in my personal budget to do
it really regularly but it isn't a
service and I can see situations where
it would be a great option weeks at home
and we're really busy might be nice I
would say where we happen to live you
can get healthy takeout for not maybe
any more than the price this box where I
think it would really shine is if you
were traveling like if you were going to
the beach for a week and mostly it's fun
to go out to places to eat there and if
you were staying someplace where you
have access to a kitchen but you don't
want to either bring a huge grocery
shopping with you or try and do a huge
grocery shopping down there and you
don't even know grocery stores in
vacation towns sometimes good sometimes
not good you don't know what you're
gonna find so if you wanted to just have
meals to take with you that you knew
we're going to be tasty a nice break
from greasy food you might be getting at
the beach easy to repair easy to clean
up I think will be a really an amazing
option especially if you could have a
chip to you at your destination or if
you had it shipped to you at home it
does condense down to a small cool or
you're not taking like eight bags
in order to make one dinner help I've
encouraged you to think about whether or
not you might like to give terrace
kitchen the try if you enjoyed this
video subscribe below let me know in the
comments if there are other meal kit
services you'd like me to review